(The day of meeting
the second master)
(Over the mountains
and across the water,)
(they arrived in Yangsan,
South Gyeongsang Province.)
(A restaurant...)
(in front of Tongdo Temple?)
(The second master...)
(called them here.)
(The man called the king)
Are they not here yet?
What's going on?
Is it a prank again?
(Lee Sang Yun, a prank experienced)
I feel scared.
(He's doing the prank himself.)
Hi.
(Se Hyeong who will finish
the prank arrives.)
- A crybaby.
- What?
Are you going to cry again today?
Of course not.
If you're going to cry,
you should be on a different show.
It's okay to cry,
but don't cry on purpose.
The staff is startled and confused.
(Crying show, Yuk Seong Jae tears,
Lee Sang Yun sobbing, morning cry)
It's crazy because
you two cried so much.
- I know you cried so much.
- At least we have a line.
Crybabies line.
You're no longer Seoul National
University, but Seoul crybaby.
Sobbing major at Seoul crybaby.
Goodness.
It's not easy.
(While Se Hyeong's making fun
of two crybabies...)
That's not right.
What's wrong with you?
- I didn't realize.
- How are you?
- It's so far.
- I know.
I thought it's so far, but at least
we're at a restaurant.
- Do we start after eating?
- Did you bring that again?
The master called you here.
- What?
- Us?
Is he a chef here?
He must be the chef.
(Is the master who called them to
the restaurant a chef?)
- There's Tongdo Temple in front.
- Tongdo Temple.
It's 1of 3 temples in Korea.
It's extremely big.
I knew we were going to
Tongdo Temple.
- Why?
- How?
Because he called us to Yangsan.
(If they had to come to Yangsan
so far from Seoul...)
This means...
(He starts his deduction.)
I thought it's something difficult.
Mountains are difficult.
Temples are in the mountains.
There's one...
among 100 people.
- 100 people?
- 100 people we want to meet...
- the Butler Car.
- Yes.
(One person shines particularly more
in Sang Yun's memory.)
Are we going to meet a monk?
(Does Sang Yun think he's a monk?)
So I think we extremely...
I have no clue.
- Your deduction was good.
- I thought it was a different show.
If you want to talk alone,
you should be a BJ.
I'll give you 100 balloons.
No.
Can I read this?
- Open it, Seong Jae.
- It's the master's message.
- He wrote it.
- "Eat a lot. It's on me. Master."
It's because you kept saying you
were hungry on the first episode.
It says eat a lot. Can we order
for more?
This "Eat a lot"...
sounds like he's old.
I think...
he didn't write much.
(Seung Gi thinks
he didn't write much.)
- You're right.
- His writings...
- aren't nice or ugly.
- Right.
- He just didn't write much.
- Or...
(An hour ago)
(This is real.)
(Shaking)
He never wrote much.
I can tell he put an effort
to write nicely.
I think he...
lives an orderly life for sure.
Why? Where did you get
the idea from?
This...
The lines are all straight.
It's not messy.
It means he's on schedule.
Since Master In Kwon is
not on schedule...
- His writing's messy...
- He does.
(Neat, messy)
We should eat the one
the master chose.
This must be the master's
favorite restaurant.
He's right.
Maybe he comes here after
going to the temple.
- It's his routine.
- Right.
The master paid already.
- It's acorn muk.
- Is that pajeon?
- It's a lot.
- Thank you.
- What's that one?
- That's a lot.
What a sumptuous feast!
All the food on the menu
are on the table.
Let's just eat.
All sorts of delicacies are here.
There are bossam, grilled mackerel,
and grilled bulgogi...
And pajeon...
Cabbage... it's crazy.
Everything here is my favorite.
I'm really happy,
but I can't readily have the food.
I feel so uncomfortable.
(There are a lot of food, but...)
I'm hungry.
(They feel uncomfortable
with such hospitality.)
In variety shows, something is wrong
to have such hospitality.
Oh well...
We'll start eating then.
- Thank you for the food.
- Help yourself.
In this kind of situation,
we just need to enjoy the food.
Steamed eggs were our master's
favorite food.
(I'll feel the master with food.)
Wow, this...
- I don't know what to eat first.
- My goodness.
This doenjang stew is excellent.
This is just for rice.
It's really tasty.
- It's so...
- I feel happy.
- We need to eat a lot.
- It's really good.
(More they eat...)
This pajeon is so delicious.
The master had his meal
here just before.
Really?
Is there a surprise camera
or something here?
This is incredible.
- There is no bowl of rice here.
- Yes.
That's the first hint
about the master.
Dolsot...
Aren't they dolsot rice?
Perhaps on the rice,
the name is written with beans.
Is there something on the lid?
- Well, are you ready?
- Yes.
Let's open it.
1, 2, 3.
- There is only rice.
- A half bowl of rice?
(First hint)
(A half bowl of rice)
What's going on?
What's this?
(A half bowl of rice?)
Is this... Is this a hint?
- A half size?
- Yes.
We heard the master used to
have a half bowl of rice here.
Why? There are so many food here.
Perhaps he eats all the food
here on the table.
He eats all the dishes
with only a half bowl of rice.
- That's right.
- Is his last name Ban?
- Ban?
- That makes sense.
Ban?
Whose last name is Ban?
No way.
I don't think it's Ban Ki Moon.
Do you think he eats this much?
I guess he might eat like a bird.
Sang Yun, are you really here
to eat?
(Sang Yun, are you really here
to eat?)
We're in front of cameras.
I thought you were a guest here.
It's not like that.
He wants to speak,
but he was told to help himself.
So, he's really helping himself.
"Help yourself."
- I'll help myself.
- He's the one...
who faithfully
does as he was taught.
(I'm doing just as what
the master said.)
- I'll enjoy the food.
- I think we need to eat first.
(Just like crying Sang Yun,
crying Seong Jae is eating.)
The vegetables are so sweet.
(They soon concentrate on
eating the food.)
Why does he eat
only a half bowl of rice?
We're already done
talking about it.
The talk is over.
I was just...
- We were wrapping it up.
- Do you want us to follow you?
- We talked about it earlier.
- We can still talk about it, but...
It just came up.
- I was just talking to myself.
- The talk about the rice is over.
It suddenly popped up in my mind.
The second hint about the master...
Please give us the hint.
- That's the one.
- I see.
(What is it?)
It's his schedule.
That's his schedule.
(Second hint,
the master's daily schedule)
Wait, as soon as I saw it,
there was manual labor written.
Is this real?
When we do manual labor,
we can eat like this.
There's another manual labor
with high intensity from 7pm to 9pm.
Wait.
People usually don't do labors
when they had one in the morning.
What is escaping?
Wait a minute. Look here.
Look through the schedule carefully.
A fight with Chul Soo?
- What's this?
- First...
We need to get up at 7am.
I'm not sure if
this will really happen.
And after that...
from 9am to 12pm,
there's escaping.
He potters around alone.
What is escaping?
What's this? It's said
pottering around while escaping.
He basically fiddles around.
- That's right. I like it.
- He just potters.
(The next master is my type.)
What's the race against time?
I think he needs to do something
within 2 hours.
But isn't it too difficult
to do things withing 2 hours?
Marathon? Marathon? Marathon!
Marathon?
Perhaps he's a marathon runner?
Perhaps it's a way of training.
- There's a high possibility of it.
- Right.
What's is the fight with Chul Soo?
Is it like coming back
from the turning point?
There must be...
a location called Chul Soo,
which he named it.
I'm so sorry.
I can't guess what Chul Soo is.
(Sang Yun gave up with
guessing what Chul Soo is.)
He has lunch until 2pm,
and has dinner at 6pm.
You're right.
I think the most severe thing
must be the fight with Chul Soo.
(Chul Soo...
We want to know about Chul Soo.)
There are only fights.
I think he could be...
a well-known thug
who is legendary.
It's kind of sad.
Why?
He potters around alone.
(He potters around alone.)
Are you ready to cry again?
It's too early to cry.
It's only 10:45am.
Seong Jae, stop crying.
Here's the address
where the master lives.
(Before he cries,
where the master lives is revealed.)
- The address?
- Where he lives...
- Wait.
- What?
Baegunam?
- What is Baegunam?
- What's this?
It's a small temple.
- A small temple?
- A small temple.
It's said it's a small temple
around Tongdo Temple.
So is he pottering around alone
at Baegunam?
It'll be very cold.
(Who can be at Baegunam alone?)
Please go ahead.
(Escaping, pottering alone)
Let's go.
This is awesome.
(Where there's no fine dust
with clear environment)
We're going.
- Let's go.
Are we going there?
Where?
Over there.
The rock on the mountain...
(Is Baegunam the rock
on the top of the mountain?)
Among all mountains,
the mountains with word "rock"
in the name are very rugged.
Se Hyeong,
I hiked Mount Worak
during the long distance marching.
Mount Worak?
The name of the mountain
contains word "rock" too.
Also, it means the mountain
is too rugged to make you shriek.
That's right.
It's rugged to make you shriek.
You're right.
The mountain was very rocky.
With no exaggeration,
the mountain was steep like this.
And you had to go down like this.
(No interests)
Se Hyeong, I think I should wait
for three months.
- It's okay.
- I think I need a time for myself.
When your story gets longer,
I'll ruthlessly ignore it.
- The story about the military?
- Yes.
I didn't even notice
I was talking about it.
(Another ego that came out
unconsciously)
You're still stuck in there,
the shadow of the military service.
Why is it so hard
to become a civilian?
It's hard.
(Please wait for me for 3 months.)
We're climbing up endlessly.
(A dense pine tree forest appeared
in no time.)
(Because of the narrow road,
they took another car.)
- Look at this place.
- There are lots of pine trees.
- It's so pretty.
It's really pretty.
Wow, I've never seen
such many pine trees before.
(The landscape that brings
the youth unquestioned feelings)
You know the ents, the monsters...
They look like fried ramyeon to me.
(In the unquestioned feelings,
they add more imagination.)
There are so many trees.
It's so pretty.
- The air is very fresh too.
- There are so many pine trees here.
This is incredible.
I wonder who the master is...
to ask us to come to
a place like this.
I'm curious.
Sang Yun, are you shooting
yourself alone?
(I should record such great things.)
His words sounded like a spell.
(As they came up in a muddle
because of the landscape...)
It's the Baegunam parking lot.
Wait a minute.
We can't go up with the car.
What?
I'm wearing basketball shoes.
We can't go up to Baegunam
with this car.
We can't go up with the car.
(Master... Why are you...)
I can't see the temple from here.
I guess we have to climb up
quite a while.
(To Baegunam, where the master
stays, they have to go on foot.)
We're doomed.
(Is the second master...)
Is he staying in the mountain?
No way.
- Do you have sports shoes?
- Yes.
Good for you.
(They change their dressy shoes
to comfortable ones.)
What a relief.
Hiking is like mental training.
I can just wear any kinds of shoes.
(Hiking is like mental training.
I can just wear any kinds of shoes.)
Seong Jae, I'll show you
how to hike.
"Am Un Baek Sa Chook Young"
(Am Un Baek Sa Chook Young)
Hey, it's Mount Yeongchuk,
Baegunam.
- You should read in reverse.
- Oh, is it?
(Young Chook San Bake Un Am)
Should I read it in reverse?
I don't know.
That's just how you read.
Let's go.
I feel like I'm in
"Law of the Jungle".
(Still at this time,)
(they were laughing.)
Just a second.
We're moving ahead of you.
Let us move ahead of you.
(The staff tries to move ahead
of them to shoot them.)
We're moving ahead of you.
Run fast.
Run so that they can't catch us.
(Suddenly, the members are
showing their heels.)
Fast. Run fast.
They're running away.
Stop there!
(Suddenly a race began
without a reason.)
Come and catch us.
(The staff versus Members)
(Passionate Seung Gi
is leading them.)
- Seung Gi is fast.
- Seung Gi is really fast.
(He strangely becomes enthusiastic.)
I will shoot it.
(Giggling)
(Why is he doing this?)
(He's overflowing with energy.)
(Se Hyeong's camera)
Seung Gi is mad.
I think they're underestimating us.
(This is nothing compared
to a long-distance march.)
What's wrong with Seung Gi?
(His mic came off
while he was running.)
Let's go.
There are no stairs now.
- Yes.
- It's completely unpaved.
So this is how he spends
his free time, right?
I think he likes hiking.
(They're healing through hiking.)
Our lifestyles are similar
when it comes to this.
- I love this.
- I love it too.
- I...
- I love working out.
I am the opposite.
- Do you not like it?
- I...
prefer sea to mountain.
I like static sports.
What's this?
(Seong Jae finds something.)
What's that?
- It says "Master in the House".
- it does.
(There's a paper hanging.)
Put arms around
each other's shoulders.
As you sit down, say "Master."
As you get up, say "I love you."
"To celebrate 2018,"
- "Do it 18 times."
- "do it 18 times."
Right now?
(What is this?)
- What's this?
- This...
We haven't even met him.
Why would he tell us to do this?
Should we pretend that we did it?
- Who said that?
- Me.
- I think that's really bad.
- Why?
Do this 18 times.
(Is he already
at the rebelling stage?)
Master in the House.
He won't be watching us
carry out the mission, will he?
He's not on top of the trees,
is he?
(The master's eyes are everywhere.)
Let's try it.
- Let's go.
The one of the far left
have to do this.
The ones on the two sides
You have to put your hand
behind your head.
Come on.
(He can't take Seung Gi's
army jokes anymore.)
(I will give him what he wants.)
You need to do this.
- Like this?
- Yes.
- Is this how you do it?
- It's perfect.
- Here we go.
- Start.
- Master.
No. That's what we say
when we get up.
We have to say "Master"
as we sit down.
"Master" as we sit down,
and "I love you" as we get up.
1 move for every 2 shouts.
(It's a military terminology.)
My gosh.
All right.
Let's stop the shoot.
I won't do it.
Why don't you dig a hole
and sleep there?
- Just sleep in the hole.
- I am sorry.
Just give me three months.
- Three months.
- I will change within February.
(He needs 100 days to adjust.)
- All right.
- Let's do this.
(I am going to keep
an eye on him.)
Let's begin.
- Master, I love you.
- Master, I love you. Two!
(Who is to order us to do this?)
- Master, I love you.
Okay.
Towards the end,
I said, "Master, are you a human?"
- I am sweating.
- That's it, right?
- Okay.
- Since we did it,
let's say I never said
we should pretend it.
All right.
You're very thorough.
Where does he live?
Does he live in a cave?
(Their legs have gone weak.)
My goodness.
Where is it?
(But the real hiking just began.)
They won't tell us
how far the summit is.
My gosh.
(They've been hiking
for 30 minutes.)
We are getting quieter.
(They've been hiking
for 45 minutes.)
for 1 hour and 30 minutes.)
(They breathe heavily.)
Be careful. Are you all right?
My legs hurt.
Have you given up?
- Are you getting left behind?
- No, I am going to catch up later.
You're in our way.
Let's move.
(Sang Yun's camera)
The writer has collapsed.
Where on earth are we going?
I think I made a wrong guess
about the master.
(Seong Jae's camera)
I thought he was someone
who enjoys free time.
But he's a mountain...
Gosh, I am dripping saliva.
(Why is he making us suffer
on the first day?)
Let's go.
The time is 1:10pm.
We can catch the 2:30pm train.
- If we go down?
- Yes.
We can hurry up.
(I want to run away.)
Let's go to Master In Kwon's
and get some honey powder.
Let's just have two tablespoons each
and clap.
(Our first master was
a good person.)
- Honey powder.
- And...
we will cry while
listening to "Please".
What will we do
when we meet him?
I'm going to grab his collars.
(He's determined
to take his revenge.)
We've come far.
- We've come really far.
- We have.
(Who are you, master?)
Baby shark
Daddy shark
What can possibly...
I see something.
- I see something.
- I see a Buddhist temple.
That one?
(After a tough hike,)
(they finally see the end.)
(The master is...)
(in the Baegunam!)
Let's call the master.
1, 2, 3.
- Master!
Hurry up!
(He shouts loudly.)
(The first clue is
that he's got a loud voice.)
- He sounds very young.
- He does.
- Is he in his late 20s?
- No. No.
I think he's a little older.
- He's in his 40s.
- I don't recognize the voice.
- I know.
- There he is.
(I waited long.)
When he says "Hurry up",
should we say "You come here"?
Do you want to try it?
Who wants to try it?
(He becomes naughty.)
Let's say, "You come here, master."
(They will ask the master
to come to them.)
1, 2.
- Master.
Hurry up!
You come here, master.
I am sorry.
Let's go. Let's go.
Why did we do it?
(Let's hurry,)
(before he gets more upset.)
He sounds like he's a good fighter.
So I am going to keep quiet.
(He's waiting for them.)
We're here.
(After the 2-hour hike, they arrive
at the gate of the temple.)
Let's call the master. 1, 2, 3.
- Master.
Hurry up.
He's near.
- He's here.
- Where are you?
(Who is the master...)
(that made them hike?)
Who is he?
- Who are you?
- He must be the one.
- Who?
- I think it's him.
He's a big man.
(130 kg Big Master)
(2nd part will begin shortly)
Who is he?
- Who are you?
- He must be the one.
- Who?
- I think it's him.
He's a big man.
(A huge shadow...)
(is cast in front of the gate.)
(Second clue is
that he's a big man.)
(Is he an athlete?)
- He's a big man.
- Isn't he Defconn?
I don't think so.
- He is...
- He's very young.
He looks like Defconn.
Are you Defconn?
Isn't he Defconn?
(They carefully walk towards him.)
Is he really?
- We can't grab his collars.
- He's actually big.
He's got a big bottom.
(Big)
(He's not an ordinary man.)
(Who...)
(is he?)
No way!
(They are surprised.)
- No way!
(It's Lee Dae Ho,
the man who's called a king.)
(He's the highest-paid player
of KBO League.)
(He won the Triple Crown 2 times.)
(And he's the only one
who has that record.)
(Korea, USA, and Japan)
(He swept all 3 countries.)
(He got a world record for hitting
9 home runs in a row.)
(And...)
(he will forever be the quiet
fourth batter of Korea.)
(They will experience...)
(the lifestyle of the king.)
(Things are no different at home.)
(Endure the master's...)
(weight of life.)
- We can play with him.
- Se Hyeong.
- It's you, isn't it?
- It's not me.
(They will experience
the torturing life of the king.)
- No way!
(The members are thrilled.)
(But he doesn't look happy.)
Hello.
(They remember what
they did to him.)
(You come here, Master.)
(I don't want to see him.)
(I would grab his collars.)
(I'm a dead man.)
(They regret their sins.)
(I won't like the master.)
(I won't be able
to greet him nicely.)
(Who are you?)
(It's me, Dae Ho.)
(We shouldn't have been rude.)
(They regret their past actions.)
- Who said, "You come here"?
- It was him.
- No.
- Let's go up to the summit.
Let's not.
- I made a mistake.
- We would die if we fight with him.
- We're dead men.
- We will die if we fight him.
- Wait. Let's...
- What are we doing?
- Let's go inside first.
- Let's go inside.
- All right.
- He's Yuk Seong Jae.
This is a nice place.
This is where I had
my first hard training.
- You trained here.
- I trained here.
That's why I made you come here.
I wanted to show you what I did.
(He wanted to meet them
at the place meaningful to him.)
We have to see the view.
- It looks amazing.
- It's different.
It's the best.
(It's the first gift
the master is giving to his pupils.)
The view is so open here.
It's amazing.
(The view from Baegunam
must've cooled his sweat.)
Seong Jae, this is why
you hike up a mountain.
I didn't see the view on the way up.
This is why you hike.
(Because the hike was tough,)
The view is amazing.
(the view touches them more.)
(Since 2005,
the master has been...)
(hiking this mountain
every winter for 12 years.)
- Let's go inside now.
- Let's go in.
Can we go inside the temple?
- I already told them.
- Did you?
Isn't he Chul Soo?
(Fight with Chul Soo)
(Is the fight with Chul Soo...)
- Chul Soo.
(the fight between
a tiger and a dog?)
No. No.
(He's not looking.)
- He's not Chul Soo.
- Stop imagining and come in.
(Why did he bring
the 4 young men here?)
Do you live here?
(What?)
For a month?
No. I brought you here
to show you.
I wanted to show you
that I used to train here.
(It's Seong Jae's first time
to meet a national baseball player.)
I've always been curious.
The baseball players are...
(Does he have another question?)
Are your thighs...
all made up of muscles?
(His eyes are shining brightly.)
(Seong Jae's got
a lot of questions, hasn't he?)
(He's worried.)
I think he...
You are rude, aren't you?
I've got fat too.
There's no weight limit
for baseball players.
Honestly...
Is there anyone you feel
awkward talking to?
You seem to...
Because...
he's our master,
he tries to talk down to us.
- But he feels awkward doing it.
- He does.
- Is there anyone difficult?
- There's nothing difficult.
You guys are younger than me,
so I feel comfortable.
But I heard there's one person
who is older than me.
So we have to talk about
how to address each other.
You are only our second master,
so we are very careful.
- What do we do?
- What should we do?
I will call you master.
How about "brother"?
- I like that.
- It contains respect.
- Brother.
- And let's talk down to each other.
- Only when we're filming.
- Sounds good to me.
After the shoot,
I will treat you with respect.
- It's...
- I've been very curious.
I was curious about
how you really...
take care of your body
in everyday life.
I have a feeling that it's going
to be very tough,
but I love exercising. So I want to
experience it once.
(He really wanted to
meet Dae Ho.)
How did you come to
train in this temple?
In 2005, I hit 20 home runs.
My batting average was 24 percent.
(His batting average in 2005
was 24 percent.)
They show the ranking
in newspapers.
About 40 to 50 players
are listed according to their ranks.
I always got either
49th or 50th place.
So after the season,
our coach told me
I should go to this temple...
to develop myself.
He told me to train
my body and mind.
I wasn't sure what he wanted then.
I thought hitting 20 home runs
was quite good.
I was young, so I listened to him
and came here to train.
(He trusted the coach
and started the training.)
Every morning, I climbed up
the mountain with an empty stomach.
I carried an apple.
I started the hike 6:30am.
It took me an hour to get here.
So I thought I was near.
But it took me four hours
to get to the summit.
- That's one way?
- One way.
Does it get even tougher?
It gets tougher as you go up.
When I start hiking at 6:30am,
I would arrive at the restaurant
around 12 noon.
I had exactly half of the rice.
(He arrived at the restaurant
at noon and had half of the rice.)
After eating that, I hiked again
until this temple.
That took an hour and half.
After doing that for two months,
I won the Triple Crown in 2006.
It was the turning point of my life.
(He won the Triple Crown in 2006.)
Nothing had changed.
But suddenly I won the Triple Crown.
That surprised me too.
Since then, I've had
a blind faith...
in this mountain.
(Faith makes him climb up
this mountain every year.)
Have you prepared
a lot of things for us to do?
There's nothing. You will be
following my routine.
(They will follow him.)
It will be fun.
- Do we just have to follow you?
- It will be fun.
I am curious about what the fight
with Chul Soo is all about.
You will see.
Oh, dear.
You should be excited.
We got a lot to do.
(This was just a warm-up.)
(This is how
a national athlete lives.)
(The master's daily routine
nearly kills them.)
Is this the only way to go down?
We're going to take another path.
You took the easy path.
We will take the steep path
on the way down.
Steep path?
We have to hurry. We got no time.
- Is it a faster way?
- Yes, there's a faster way.
- Is there a shortcut?
- There is.
It must've been much tougher
if we took the shortcut.
Right. It must be steeper there.
(What kind of a path would it be?)
It's a little scary.
(The barbed-wire fence
is place over a cliff.)
I prepared this for you.
(And there's something...)
(strange there.)
Is this the shortcut?
(What is that?)
Look here.
What is it?
(It's a monorail.)
That's so scary.
(Is this a dream?)
(They are thrilled
that they don't have to walk.)
I thought we were
going to walk down.
- What is this?
- Are we taking that?
- Really?
- That would be so fun.
Really?
(The railroad is like
a coiling snake.)
(They're mesmerized by
this beautiful ride.)
This is the shortcut.
- This is amazing.
- It's going to be so fun.
This must stretch all the way down.
- This will be amazing.
- We will go down much quicker.
- We can do down in no time.
- I never thought they'd have this.
But it can't carry too many people.
We will play a game, and
I'll take the winner with me.
The other three have to
take the same path down.
(Those who lose the game
have to walk down.)
Really?
(No way.)
(I want to ride it.)
(I am desperate to ride it.)
By the way, he weighs...
You're out.
Wait. That's not it.
- You're too talkative.
- No. No.
- That's not it.
- Let's exclude him.
If you talk once more,
you will walk down.
This is a TV show,
so I have to talk.
I don't want to talk,
but we're on a TV show.
(How can I not talk on a TV show?)
I can't help it. Please understand.
I am a quiet person too.
All right.
(I will cut you slack then.)
What game should we play?
Can you choose one?
I'll test your strength. You know
the push game, don't you?
If two people win, I will walk.
I'll let the winners ride it.
- Really?
- Of course.
(I can't walk for another 2 hours.)
(I will ride the monorail.)
Let's decide the order.
Who will go first?
The winner or the loser?
Does anyone want to go first?
- You go first.
- You're the special forces soldier.
- Me? Okay.
- Do you want to go first?
Really?
He's just crazy.
I am not crazy.
- Go, Seung Gi.
- All right.
Let's do this.
- We will do it without a practice.
- Cheers!
No practice.
Here we go.
- Ready.
- Go, Master!
- What?
What?
You said I am your role model.
- He's strange.
- I cheer for you, Master!
- We begin right away.
- Okay.
- Start.
- Push like this.
- Okay.
(He fails if he moves
before the master moves.)
Even if he pushes lightly...
My gosh.
(He faces the 1st crisis.)
(The special forces soldier
manages to survive.)
- It was close.
- He survived.
He survived.
(This is interesting.)
(The master teases Seung Gi.)
He's like a boy.
(Seung Gi teases the master.)
(Seung Gi faces the 2nd crisis.)
(Will he survive it again?)
So this is what happens.
He looked pathetic.
Don't mention that you used
to be in the special forces.
He lost so fast.
Seung Gi.
- Yes, Master.
- Go down.
Go down. Go down.
I will start walking.
(I have to hike
down the mountain.)
(Se Hyeong is the next contender.)
He's twice as big as me.
In my opinion, he will be
walking down the mountain.
- Just get it down.
- You might do well.
He might get hurt.
I will put this on the floor.
(It's like
a championship match for him.)
They look like father and son.
(Let's play, Dad.)
Se Hyeong is quite strong.
(I played the clap game
with my daddy.)
(But he doesn't seem to
want to lose to me.)
- He wont' fall.
- He's quite good.
(The father and son fight fiercely.)
- He's lasting long.
- I know.
He's balancing well.
Short people are good at this.
Why would you say that?
- There's no such thing.
- All right.
That's nonsense.
(My dad is so harsh.)
I will...
(He wants to avenge him.)
I can't beat him with my strength.
I need to avoid him. Right?
Seong Jae, you won't have
a chance if you fight him.
(He's desperate to ride
the monorail.)
(He's very determined.
What will be his strategy?)
I am ready.
Start.
But even if you avoid him,
you still lose.
He...
[Kocowa Ver] E04 Master in the House / All the Butlers
-= Ruo Xi =-
He did it.
(They both moved.)
You are a fool.
Wait. Wait.
- It's hard to tell.
- Right?
It's hard to tell.
(They moved at the same time.)
- It's hard to tell who won.
- Right?
- It's a tie.
- It's hard to tell.
- Stay aside.
- Let's decide later.
That's a good thing.
- Everyone else might lose.
- Step aside.
It's a tie for now.
(If Yang Yun lose too,)
(Seong Jae will be
riding the monorail.)
(He tenses up.)
(If the master loses
to Sang Yun...)
Master must feel worried.
He widened his stance.
(Sang Yun tries to
plant himself on the ground.)
Sang Yun is finished analyzing.
(Has Sang Yun finished analyzing?)
Lose, Sang Yun! Lose, Sang Yun!
(I want to take the monorail
with the master.)
Okay.
(Here comes the elite.)
Start.
By the way... What's that?
Hey. Hey.
(Let me bow to you.)
- What's that? Hey.
- Hey.
(They are upset.)
Gosh.
(He loves his alma matar so much.)
- Hey.
(I had to bow to my master.)
- Come on.
(He embarrassed himself.)
(His failure is my joy.)
That was pathetic.
He looked really weak.
(My pride fell to the ground.)
Today's winner is...
Seong Jae. Let's go.
He hates hiking.
Don't listen to that.
- Okay?
- I'll see you later.
- Be careful.
- Bye, Seong Jae.
When will I get to
ride this in the mountain?
(This is where
the monorail departs.)
Nice! Nice!
I can't believe I got so lucky.
It's like a dream.
I am terrible at playing games.
But I think the others
are even worse than me.
(What is he saying?)
We have to face this way.
(He's heavy.)
I want to walk with Seung Gi.
My gosh.
I didn't want to ride it.
I have to exercise.
(He teases his pupils.)
- Here we go.
- This is amazing.
- Be careful.
- Bye.
- What makes this move?
- It's in the back.
- It's 1.1km long.
- Wait.
It's fast.
(Seong Jae departs
with the master.)
(Oh!)
(It's faster than they thought.)
It's fast.
(It's like a ride
at an amusement park.)
This is crazy.
- It's fast.
(It's like riding a ride.)
This is really amazing.
It looks beautiful.
(They get to enjoy the view.
It's a perfect way to descend.)
When hiking up the mountain,
I was so tired that
I only stared at the ground.
Now I get to enjoy the view.
I wouldn't have been able to
enjoy it if I was walking.
(He would've missed it
if he busily walked down.)
(Seong Jae and the master
enjoy the view.)
This is amazing.
(He's excited.)
(When they go down
along the ridge,)
(they get to see the whole
view of Yangsan.)
This is amazing.
(They stare at
Seong Jae and the master's back.)
(He feels sad that he lost.)
(He envies them.)
It looks fun.
- Are they going that way?
- But...
That way.
It must be cold.
(He hopes they get cold.)
- Let's go.
- Can't we stop it from here?
Why are you sad
that you lost?
- Just accept it.
- What? I am enjoying this.
I wanted to walk.
I love hiking.
You were going to
turn off the power.
- I wasn't.
- What's wrong with you?
Let's laugh it off.
You can't get upset.
(That's not it.)
I really wanted to ride it.
It's good...
- that Seong Jae won.
- It's a good thing.
- He hated hiking so much.
- Descending is more dangerous.
I can't forget about...
how happy Seong Jae looked
as he was descending.
Bye.
(Were you that happy?)
Be careful on the way down.
(They pretended to be cool,
but they are frustrated...)
When will we go down?
My legs hurt.
(to go down.)
Seong Jae seemed so happy.
Seong Jae looked happy.
(They didn't know until then.)
He must be happy.
(They didn't know
that their words...)
This is unfair.
(would make Seung Gi
burn with desire to win.)
Master!
(They never knew
that their words...)
Yes!
(would return to them as fire.)
We're at about the same altitude
as the monorail.
(They're not far behind.)
Should I run down?
(Seung Gi started to run.)
I heard their voice
from the other side,
and I think we're
not too far behind.
I am going to try
to catch up with them.
Let's go.
- Seung Gi is really fast.
- What?
Seung Gi is really fast.
He thinks he's still
a special forces soldier.
When did you get
discharged from the army?
(He was discharged from
the army only a month ago.)
(He's overflowing with confidence.)
(He did his army service
in the mountain.)
(He thinks you're supposed...)
(to run through the mountain.)
Look at Seung Gi.
Seung Gi is mad.
The master is watching.
(What is wrong
with Seung GI?)
(He thinks a mountain
makes a man look great.)
(This mountain will
make me look great.)
(Seung Gi's camera)
(The crew members
are surprised.)
(They are surprised
to see Seung Gi.)
I am trying to catch up with them.
- It's scary.
- Wait.
I will go down first.
(He's proud.)
Wait.
Seung Gi got mad,
and he's running down alone.
There's nobody...
who can stop Seung Gi.
(His cameraman urges
someone to stop him.)
Why is he running?
(Please stop Seung Gi.)
Why is Seung Gi running?
(Seung Gi disapperaed
from the frame suddenly.)
Someone in the crew should use
their phone to keep shooting!
(The camera operator who was
following him runs into Sang Yun.)
Try to keep recording videos
of yourself using the GoPro.
Okay.
Please be careful.
(Why is he turning the lens
that way?)
(Sang Yun's camera)
(No, not me.)
Use the GoPro.
(Just like that, Sang Yun...)
(kept recording videos
of the crew members.)
Seung Gi!
(Se Hyeong's camera)
Slow down!
It looks like he actually thinks
that he's Sun Wukong.
My feet.
The left foot and the right foot
like this.
1, 2, let's go. 3, 4, let's go.
This is my running route.
1, 2, let's go.
3, 4, let's go.
My feet feel light.
Left and right, like this.
1, 2. Left and right.
As I'm passing
through the fallen leaves...
(Se Hyeong's camera)
(He uses the rock as a tripod.)
(And he throws the leaves
into the air.)
Put on a little show like that,
and I'll keep going down.
I must take a shot of my feet too.
(What happens to Se Hyeong
when Seung Gi goes crazy)
My feet.
(The master and Seong Jae are
enjoying the peaceful scenery.)
What?
(He saw something.)
- I see them.
- They're coming down.
I see them.
(Running down)
Se Hyeong!
- What?
- My gosh!
Where are you?
(I'm here!)
Hi!
I see him. He's over there!
Let's go meet the master.
I'm going to meet the master.
I'm on my way to meet the master!
The members are running.
I think I should run too.
(Everyone is running.)
The master.
I'm on my way to meet the master.
(The master's voice
made Se Hyeong run.)
Se Hyeong.
(He stops when he hears
Seong Jae's voice.)
Se Hyeong.
Are you exhausted?
- Are you exhausted?
- No, I'm having fun.
We're having fun too.
(He puts on a fake smile.)
(I'm having so much fun.)
(These leaves are really beautiful.)
(He throws the leaves into the air.)
(Why do we only see the two?)
Where's Seung Gi?
Men look cool
when they do things like that.
(Seung Gi is...
We don't know where he is.)
I'll go slow. I'll go down slowly.
(But why are his feet
moving so fast?)
When you do a march
in the military...
(Why is he talking about that now?)
You have to walk fast like this.
(We have no idea
what he's thinking.)
That's how I learned
to hike quickly.
Let's go. Let's go. Like this.
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2.
(He sure is very determined.)
Okay.
(He's going crazy.)
I think I'm almost there.
Just do it and make it happen.
Gosh, my goodness.
(Startled, we started shooting
with a cell phone.)
(The end is near.)
I beat them, right?
(Did he really beat
the monorail cable car?)
I beat them, right?
(A crew member is shooting
with her cell phone.)
They aren't here yet, right?
(I beat them!)
Nice, I did it!
(He makes a V with his fingers.)
I did it! I beat them.
(Seung Gi, the gold medalist)
I surprised you guys, didn't I?
(He can finally relax.)
I ran so fast.
Seong Jae, you saw this, right?
(Seung Gi, look at my face.)
(I'm exhausted.)
(I'm really exhausted now.)
(I'm beyond exhausted.)
(He can't even talk anymore.)
(He stopped recording videos too.)
(Se Hyeong and Sang Yun
ran for a while.)
Oh, I see cars. I see cars!
It's the parking lot.
Se Hyeong, it's the parking lot!
We beat them. We totally beat them.
We beat the monorail. We won.
We're the winners.
- We won.
- We're the winners.
- We beat them.
- We won!
We won.
(Sang Yun and Se Hyeong are
happy about winning too.)
We beat them.
We're watching them coming down.
(But these guys don't care.)
(Those on the cable car
look so happy.)
Guys!
(The real gold medalists arrive.)
Yes!
We made it.
(Just like that, Seung Gi, Sang Yun,
and Se Hyeong's battle ends.)
- Where are we going now?
- Fight with Chul Soo.
Yes, that's right.
(Fight with Chul Soo)
(They're on their way to fight
with Chul Soo in the master's car.)
Then how long have you lived
in Busan?
36 years. I mean...
- He's originally from Busan.
- I was born in Busan.
I've lived in Busan all my life
except the five years I was abroad.
(He's lived in Busan for 32 years.)
I think it's great.
Aren't there many good
Chinese restaurants in Busan?
- There's a ton.
- I heard.
(Salivating)
There was a time when I used to
pig out so much.
- I lived to eat.
- I live to eat too.
- Food makes me most happy.
- Everyone is like that.
We all earn money in order
to be able to...
- buy ourselves good food.
- Right?
- I'm like that.
- Same here.
I got into baseball to be able
to buy myself foods I wanted to eat.
That's what I thought as a kid.
My family was very poor,
and I was the happiest...
when my grandmother ordered a
fried chicken for me and my brother.
- What did she order?
- A whole fried chicken.
A whole chicken? Did you eat
the whole thing by yourself?
I have a brother,
so we had to share it,
and it was never enough.
But that still made me so happy.
So at the beginning, you earned
money to buy yourself good food.
Yes, I really did. When I was young,
I thought I'd be able to make
a lot of money through baseball.
To be able to eat good food...
and buy my grandmother
delicious things,
I focused on baseball
and worked hard.
(I'll earn money and buy
delicious food for my grandma.)
(He became the country's best
cleanup hitter for his family.)
Then what does it feel like
to join the national team?
(That boy joined the national team.)
- When it becomes official.
- I'm so curious.
When you have the national flag
right here.
When you have that...
(Reverent)
You can't help but think this.
You feel that you have to sacrifice
yourself for the country.
More importantly, whenever
there's a game against Japan...
(How does it feel to play
in games against Japan?)
We play thinking that losing
the game will be the end of us.
- Gosh, it's... It's really...
- Why would that be?
- We take it more seriously.
- The pressure is...
(It's because of our history.)
Even we feel the same way.
- Whenever it's against Japan...
- Exactly.
If we lose...
(What happens if you lose?)
(What happens?)
You can hear all sorts of
swear words the elders can say.
(That's sad but hilarious.)
That's so true.
(It's almost time
for the fight with Chul Soo.)
- It's really...
- Can you tell us one thing?
Do we need to warm up
for the fight with Chul Soo or not?
(He doesn't answer.)
(We won't have to exercise again,
right?)
Will it be fun?
(Se Hyeong is really chatty.)
How fun is it
on the scale of 1 to 10?
(Please rate how fun it is.)
(Thinking hard)
About eight?
- Oh, it must be fun.
- It must be fun.
Will we feel the same way though?
- Of course.
- Really?
- Yes.
- I see.
- I'm suddenly getting excited.
- Seriously?
Chul Soo...
(It looks like they're
almost at their destination.)
(The master suddenly makes a turn.)
(What's going on?)
Is this where
the fight will take place?
(They're here to fight
with Chul Soo.)
Yes, you guys will have
to fight with Chul Soo.
- What is this place?
- Gosh, I knew it.
(The place that made Se Hyeong sigh)
It's a gym.
(It's a fitness center.)
- Yoga and what?
- Gosh, I totally knew it.
- Goodness!
- Let's go, guys.
I shouldn't have run down
the mountain like that.
I shouldn't have done that.
I'm exhausted now.
Let's go. Don't say you're tired.
We said we'd do this.
You guys took a little break.
Do you actually lift weights
for four hours?
(All he think about is exercise.)
- It must be here.
- Let's go in, guys. This is it.
(The master welcomes them
with his arms crossed.)
(Fight with Chul Soo)
- I see a photo of Master.
- I know.
(Who is Chul Soo?)
Chul Soo.
You guys made it.
(Chul Soo?)
(He exudes a unique aura.)
I brought them.
(They're very nervous.)
- Hello.
- Who is he?
Think of Chul Soo...
as your drill instructor.
(He's the master's
personal trainer.)
(Climbing the mountain
was just a warm-up.)
(You'll experience a nightmare.)
(There's no exit.)
(Hurry up and just do it.)
Se Hyeong, you need to smile.
(Annoyed)
(They can't even look at him...)
(because they're
intimidated by his charisma.)
He's been my personal trainer
for the last five years.
(I'll train you guys too.)
First off, you guys look
so tense right now,
so smile a little.
If you don't smile,
there will be a penalty.
You'll have to work out more.
You must keep smiling.
If you grimace, we'll double the
amount of workout you have to do.
Okay, got it.
(Grimace, and the amount
will be doubled.)
- It'll be doubled.
- Okay, got it.
Got it?
- Yes.
- Got it.
Go get changed and get ready.
Let's go get changed, guys.
Please go that way.
(They go into the changing room.)
I mean,
we're not at an amusement park.
We have to take off our shoes.
I'm annoyed.
(They're already annoyed.)
- You're actually annoyed.
- Yes, I'm annoyed right now.
My legs feel so weak.
The muscles feel so tight too.
I must say, I think this is wrong.
- What?
- This is...
- Hey, this is...
- Work out after hiking like that?
Too much exercise isn't good.
First, we should...
This is crazy.
(Everyone is in despair.)
It's just a cotton T-shirt.
Well... First, we should...
- Sang Yun, why are you so tanned?
- What happened to you?
- Where have you been?
- You look like...
No, my skin is just...
You're so tanned.
There he goes again.
Put this on already! Just put it on.
I will. I had to take off my shirt
to put this on.
Put it on already.
- You had more than enough time.
- I'm putting it on now.
You two are so obnoxious.
We had to take off our shirts first.
(Seung Gi is putting it on
as slowly as he can.)
- Right?
- Oh, I put it on backwards.
(I put it on backwards.)
- You did it on purpose, didn't you?
- He totally did.
(He shows off his muscles again.)
- No, I didn't.
- Put it on, will you?
- Put it on, please.
- Okay, I will.
(Please put it on!)
You're so impatient.
(They're suddenly worried.)
(Even his feet look anxious.)
I don't think it'll be...
the normal kind of weight training
we're thinking of.
- I think it'll be very challenging.
- Yes.
(Being an athlete is really tough.)
So, this is
"Fight with Chul Soo", right?
It begins now. Let's go.
I'll take you guys to him.
- What is that?
- Oh, what's that?
This is my favorite workout.
- Men must have strong legs.
- That's true.
All right.
It's leg press, Dae Ho's favorite.
A strong lower body helps you
keep your balance.
Maintaining good balance
is important in baseball.
Pitchers also need strong legs
to keep their balance.
So it's not as easy as I thought.
(It's not easy to
get the posture right.)
At my peak in wintertime,
I go up to 600kg.
(He can go up to 600kg.)
600kg? I can't even imagine
what it'd be like.
(Just hearing it makes
our legs wobble.)
600kg?
That's only 200kg though.
- Do you want to give it a try?
- Try it.
(Does anyone want to try?)
Seong Jae definitely
won't be able to do it.
- First, I think...
- Yes.
(Me?)
You're probably the best one
out of all of us.
You seem the strongest
You should give it a try.
It's the lightest, you know.
- Try it.
- I can do it. I can totally do it.
- I think Seung Gi can do it.
- I can do this.
Wait, hang on. Now, go on it.
- Give it a shot.
- 200kg? Okay.
Place your feet apart. Like this.
It'll be hard because we hiked.
He probably won't be able to do it.
1, 2, 3. Push.
Hang on. Just a second.
(I can't do it.)
How can you be so confident?
- I really can't do it.
- Dae Ho can do it with one leg.
- Try it again.
- Just a second. I'm so flustered.
- Get ready. 1, 2, 3.
- 1, 2, 3.
- Wait, hang on.
- Goodness.
- You pulled it, didn't you?
- No, I pushed it.
Really? It felt like
you were pulling it.
I'm serious.
(Seung Gi is playing hard to get.)
Why isn't it budging?
Shall I try again?
All right, let's try again.
Power up, okay? 1, 2, 3!
- We definitely can't do it.
- All right.
Three!
(He finally pushed it up.)
Okay. Slowly. Do it slowly.
Come down now. More, more.
Wait, I can't do this.
Because I hiked earlier...
- No, you can do it.
- Shall I keep trying?
- Shall I give it another shot?
- More, keep going.
- Wait, I'm not faking this.
- You can do it.
- I'm serious. Sir.
- You can totally do it.
- Chul Soo, I really can't.
- I'll hold it for you.
- Chul Soo won't let you go.
- Chul Soo, please.
- He never gives up.
- More, more.
Fight, fight!
- More, more. Keep going.
- Gosh.
- Goodness.
- Push. Do it again. Two more.
- Just three more.
- No, I really can't.
- I'm serious. Today...
- You can do it.
Do you know which mountain
I climbed today?
- I climbed a high mountain.
- All right.
- 1.
- I'll do just 1 more.
- Okay.
- Get ready.
- Seung Gi negotiated with him.
- Use your chest muscles.
More, more. Keep going.
(Laughing)
- Okay.
- Good, you did it.
(He did it 2 times.)
- Just in case you get injured...
- Gosh, this is no joke.
I'm telling you. I thought I was
going to be pushed underground.
It's really heavy.
- We hiked earlier today.
- It won't even budge.
I didn't know
my lower body was so weak.
Cheer up, guys.
So this is just a warm-up?
Master, what's the maximum
you can lift with this?
Right now,
at least between 400 and 500kg.
Why don't we try it with you guys?
(He'll lift the members.)
(He'll lift us?)
- Us?
- Yes.
2 of you will increase it by 100kg.
- Two of you...
- You can lift us on top of that?
I can lift two of you
if you sit up here.
- If Se Hyeong and I go up...
- I weigh 65kg.
I weigh 69kg now.
- Oh, really?
- Then it'll go up by 130kg.
- Will it be okay?
- Of course. It'll only be 334kg.
(It'll only be 334kg.)
("Only 334kg"?)
Then, you guys should sit up there.
Yes, the two of you.
- Go.
- Se Hyeong first.
- Should I sit here?
- Right here.
- Will this...
- I bet you're good at this.
Yes. Going up there is no problem.
Step on this thing, then this.
- Like this?
- Oh, like this.
- Like this, right?
- Yes, that looks good.
I'll do it quickly so that you guys
won't have to stay there for long.
Isn't this too... Dae Ho,
wouldn't this be too much for you?
- No, it's fine.
- It's still not late.
If you're doing this
just to show us...
Hold on to that thing.
Hold tight, okay?
- Here we go.
- 1, 2, 3.
(Will the master succeed
right away?)
(Unbelievable)
Do it slowly. Go.
Go slowly. 1, 2, 3, 4.
- 5, 6.
- My gosh, I'm totally amazed.
7, 8, 9. The last one!
Okay. Come back down slowly. Good.
- Stay there.
- Sorry?
(Don't move.)
- Will you add more people?
- You want to add more?
The two of you should go up too.
- All of us?
- I'm quite heavy though.
Right now, it's at 340kg.
Even if you each weigh 70kg,
it'll only be around 500kg.
(It'll only be 500kg.)
- Pardon?
- You should've all gone up.
(500kg is too light.)
- Se Hyeong, you sit there.
- I'll hold on to you guys.
Are you guys ready? Sit down now.
- Gosh, this is... Is it possible?
- I don't know.
I'm going to have him only do a few
because of you guys on top.
- About 5?
- I'll have him only do 2 or 3.
All right. Don't be startled, okay?
Here we go.
This is actually possible?
Dae Ho, are you really okay?
- Hold tight, guys.
- We're ready up here.
- 1.
- 2, 3.
- All right. Do it slowly.
- My gosh!
(My gosh!)
One.
- Two.
- This is unbelievable.
Let's just do two more.
One more.
Let's do 1 more. Just 1 more.
Okay. All the way up.
- I can't believe it.
- My gosh.
(Master, are you really human?)
- It's really...
- How is this possible?
I can't believe he lifted me
like that.
(He sure is the country's
best cleanup hitter.)
- Hang on.
- My gosh.
I'm really fascinated.
(It's really fascinating.)
Oh, my. Master, you rock.
- I can't believe he lifted us.
- My gosh.
- He's a superman.
- Seriously.
I learned that not everyone
can become an athlete.
- Totally.
- Master, you rock.
- Master, we admire you.
- We admire you.
- Oh, my.
- Thank you.
- Let's move on to the next one.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- Let's go over there.
This is only the beginning.
Let's go. I'll take you guys.
(The real fight with Chul Soo
begins now.)
(The deadly circuit training)
Dae Ho will demonstrate
for you guys.
- Master will show us?
- Yes. Just follow what he does.
We might be all sore tomorrow.
(They're getting anxious.)
He'll warm up first.
Let's do 12 repetitions.
I'll show you why Dae Ho calls me...
a deadly personal trainer.
(I'm the deadly Chul Soo.)
Ready, go. One.
2. Lower your head. 3, good.
- Four.
- He's intense.
5. You need to slow down. 6.
Slower.
Seven.
8, 9.
10. Power up. 10.
- 10.
- You're doing this again.
- 10. Just 3 more.
- How many 10s are there?
10. We're almost done.
Just do 1 more. Just 1 more.
Then we're really done.
Okay.
- He did 20.
- Wasn't that 20?
You could've just told him
to do 20 repetitions.
- Then he won't do it.
- If you tell him to do 20?
He'll never do it.
But unless he's dumb, if he's been
fooled like this over and over,
- he should just say he won't do it.
- He shouldn't do it.
But I'm an athlete, so it's
something I have to do anyway.
I put up a fight,
but I have to do it.
(That's why he keeps doing it.)
All right, this isn't all.
Dae Ho, let's move on to this one.
- This one is hard too.
- I like doing this.
I'm noticing that he mainly
works on his back muscles.
Yes, that's right. Strong back is
crucial for hitting a home run.
- I see.
- His secret to hitting home runs...
is his back muscles.
Pull your lower back.
Think that you're paddling
on the Han River.
- On the Han River?
- Yes, paddling on the Han River.
- Like this. You're paddling.
- We're in Busan though.
Good. Use your core. Great.
Breathe out. Okay.
All right. Let's do...
- His muscles...
- 15 repetitions. Just 15.
- Okay, good. Ready, go.
- You have to do it like this.
Nice. Keep going.
All right, like this.
Go shorter, shorter.
- Oh, my.
- Shorter. Okay, good.
- Master is already panting.
- Do it like this.
(No way!)
Ready, go. One. Move your arms more.
3. Good. Keep it light. 4.
Lighter. 5.
Six. Okay, that's good.
(This is the last workout
in the program.)
- 2, 3.
- He mainly focuses on his back.
(Another back exercise)
Focus on here. Six.
Dae Ho is very busy,
- so he has to finish this quickly.
- Right.
Now, you guys will do it with him.
Oh, we'll do this one set?
- Exactly.
- That's one set.
- You'll be completing one set.
- All right. Then...
- You, start with number one.
- This?
You, number two.
- I see. We'll go around.
- You, number three.
- Okay.
- Yes.
You, number four.
(Seong Jae is number four.)
All right. Number five.
Everyone, get ready.
Start!
(The deadly circuit training
begins.)
- I don't know why we're doing this.
- 3, 4.
- Chul Soo, my legs are all tense.
- 5, 6.
(We were definitely in the mountain
just a couple of hours ago.)
(Now, we're doing this.)
- Why is time going so slowly?
- Two.
Three. Good!
4. Left to right. 5.
- 6, 7.
- Chul Soo, can we use a stopwatch?
Eight! Okay, good.
Now, on to the next one. Move.
This is intense.
(We only finished one workout.)
- Is this it?
- Get ready.
Start!
Let's go!
- This is so wrong.
- 1, 2.
- Gosh, this is really...
- Three.
- I'm so comfortable now.
- Four.
5, 6.
Oh, you're doing a good job.
7, 8, 9.
Move your feet more. 10! That's it.
(Seong Jae looks so ugly
all of a sudden.)
Pull more. 3, 4.
- We hiked a few hours ago.
- Five.
(Sang Yun is looking ugly too.)
8, 9!
Okay, on to the next one.
Let's move, guys.
- Where are you going?
- Hurry up.
- Hurry.
- Okay.
Get ready. Let's do this.
- All right.
- Get into your positions, guys.
Ready, go!
One. Why are you so stiff?
(We feel like we've seen this
just a few minutes ago.)
(The pain will never end.)
(Is this like the never-ending
Mobius strip?)
- We're...
- Keep going!
(Even his name, Chul Soo,
doesn't sound like a real name.)
- We hiked this afternoon.
- The last one!
Okay, good. On to the next one.
Where do you think you're going?
- I'll ride the bicycle...
- Come on. Move.
- This is crazy.
- Get ready.
- Start!
- I've never tried this before.
(You're not getting a break.
The 4th workout begins right away.)
Good. Five.
Six. More, more!
(He's getting noticeably slow.)
(Chul Soo comes over right away.)
- 6, 7, 8.
- Chul Soo, I didn't get any sleep.
- I hiked after a sleepless night.
- Nine.
- I'm so sleep-deprived...
- Okay.
On to the next one. Move, move.
Hurry up, guys. Hurry.
This is the last one in the set.
Get ready.
Now, start.
(They'll be completing 1 set
if they finish this.)
- 3, 4.
- Keep it light.
- Gosh.
- 5, 6.
1, 2. Go faster.
(Sang Yun
can't even do one properly.)
(Even the youngest one, Seong Jae,
is burnt out.)
(But the master is still fine.)
Done. Good.
Move to the next one
and take a break for a minute.
Where are you going?
Let us take a break
for five minutes.
(Spaced out)
I regret coming here today.
You sweat so much after this.
(You'll get used to it if you
do this for 4 hours every day.)
(Beep)
I don't know why
we're doing this now.
Okay, let's go.
- To your positions.
- Chul Soo.
- Se Hyeong, hurry up.
- Come on, get back here.
(This master and I
just don't click.)
Let's say, "We can do this."
- 1, 2, 3.
- We can do this!
1, 2, 3!
- No, I can't!
- All right. Get ready now.
Start!
- Gosh, this is the easiest one.
- Two.
- This is the hardest.
- Four.
- I'm just going to do this.
- Five.
(Wake up already!)
Please don't touch me.
(This training will never end.)
10. Keep going.
3. Move your arms more! 4.
4, 4, 4, 4.
Okay, move to the next one.
Okay!
All right, let's go. Get ready.
- Keep breathing.
- Okay!
Ready, go!
Pull all the way. Two.
(Who keeps shouting like that?)
(Shouting)
- Okay!
- Seven.
(He's just moving his arms
up and down.)
(Chul Soo caught him.)
What are you doing now?
- 2, 3.
- Okay!
Four.
(ㅜNow, Chul Soo will watch him
right beside him.)
- Okay!
- 7, 8.
Nine. And the last one!
(The master isn't
distracted at all.)
(These guys never forget to say
"okay" at the end of each workout.)
Okay!
Okay. One more, guys. You can do it.
- Okay, okay!
- 1, 2, 3.
I'll keep an eye on you
from right here.
- I'll look at you too.
- Okay, get ready!
Start!
1, 2, 3.
4. Keep going. 5.
(Chul Soo left.)
Do it again. Eight!
(He quietly puts it down.)
(He makes sure he looks
and sounds like he's doing it.)
Chul Soo, look at Se Hyeong.
Look at Se Hyeong.
(He starts doing it again.)
- Move. On to the next one.
- Okay!
Doing this with them is hard
because it takes longer.
All right, guys.
Ready, go!
1, 2, 3.
Nice, that's good! Four.
(He has to move only his arms,)
(but he's using his entire body.)
(Grumbling)
(They can't focus on the workout
because of Se Hyeong.)
Okay!
(Grumbling)
(Swearing)
Don't swear.
- Okay!
- He's hilarious.
(I don't care even if
this will be on TV.)
- He was swearing.
- We're shooting a show.
All right, guys. I'm sorry,
but you have to do one more set.
- No more.
- There's one more set.
- No more!
- Even you look exhausted.
Master, are you okay?
I'm exhausted. I wouldn't do it
if it wasn't exhausting.
- The harder it is, the better.
- But it's...
Don't heavyweight boxers
work out like this?
This is...
(We don't even have any energy
to laugh.)
- Let's go.
- All right.
Master in the House in 2018.
- Let's go!
(Let's go!)
- We can do this. Okay!
- Okay!
- All right, guys. Let's do this.
- Let's do this.
Ready, go!
(The 3rd set begins.)
(This boring guy is here
to really work out.)
Shake them more. More!
(Seung Gi looks crazy.)
More. Bigger, bigger!
(I must focus.)
Okay, move to the next one.
Let's go. Let's do this.
Hurry up.
- Hey.
- Where on earth are you going now?
- Where do you think you're going?
- You're doing that one.
Let's go. Get ready.
(He's at it again.)
Okay. Ready, go!
- Okay, go!
- 1, 2.
- 3, 4.
- My gosh!
(Only good people can see it.)
- Bigger.
- Let's keep going!
(Se Hyeong kills me.)
(He acts like he's
having such a hard time.)
(The master is trying
not to crack up.)
Chul Soo, Chul Soo.
(Look at Se Hyeong.)
What on earth are you doing now?
- Okay, on to the next one.
- Okay!
- Okay.
- Where are you going?
Hey, come here.
- Get back here.
- All right, the next one.
Get back here.
- Come here.
- He kills me.
- Do it faster, will you?
- All right.
You guys are dragging it out.
If anyone tries to cheat,
you'll have to do another set.
- One more set.
- I've been working out nonstop.
- I'm doing it too.
- Gosh, what was that about?
Who was it? Whoever is it
will get in trouble.
Get ready. Keep it up, guys.
Let's do this. Ready, go!
(The training resumes,
and it gets more intense.)
Three.
(The tiger puts on a spurt.)
(This one is forced into doing it
because of Chul Soo.)
(He's working out with his face.)
You guys are doing a good job. One!
(Everyone looks ugly now.)
Good, stop. Move to the next one.
- Okay!
- Hurry up. Faster.
- Get ready.
- This is the last episode, right?
- This better be the last one.
- I want to poop.
Okay, get ready. Ready.
- I'm...
- Let's go. Let's do this.
Hang in there, okay?
Ready, go!
Two.
Keep your head up.
(Seong Jae is
laughing on the floor.)
What on earth are you doing now?
Give me that.
(Are you trying to provoke me?)
Flex your back.
(Thanks to Se Hyeong, they can
laugh even though they're in pain.)
3, 4.
Keep going! Five and the last one!
- Gosh!
- Done.
- Se Hyeong is hilarious.
- All right.
This is really the last one.
- This is the last one. Keep it up.
- Gosh, Se Hyeong kills me.
All right, guys.
Gosh, why do I have to do this?
Even if I'm born again,
I'll become a singer.
I don't think I'll ever be able
to become a baseball player.
Power up, guys.
This is the last set.
Okay, let's do this.
Ready, go!
(They use all the energy
they have left.)
(Fast forward)
That's it. 1, 2.
Go bigger! 3, 4.
5, 6, 7.
8, 9, 10.
(He's about to breakdown.)
(His mentality is logged out.)
(Other people would think
his shoulder's dislocated.)
It's gotten harder.
My stomach hurts even more.
(My stomach hurts more
from laughing.)
I know you're trying to avoid it.
- Everyone's smiling.
- Pardon?
You should smile, Se Hyeong.
(He suddenly smiles.)
If you frown, I'll make you do
three more sets.
Good. Everyone's smiling.
Good. Keep smiling.
(Oh, I'm very happy.)
- I'm so happy today.
- Good.
- It benefits you.
- Yes.
Are we done exercising?
Shall we do
what Lee Dae Ho's good at?
(Shall we try
what the master's good at?)
(Are we...)
(going to...)
(exercise again?)
You two can go ahead.
We'll stay here and wrap up.
- How about two more sets?
- Okay. Move.
Move.
- Let's go.
- It's hard being an athlete.
You exercise so much every day.
(Extreme training master
called the king)
("Along with the Gods")
(Agony of monstrous power)
(Agony of sleeplessness)
(Agony of empty stomach)
(Saviors are coming to rescue them.)
(Lee Ye Seung, Lee Hyo Rin)
(Capture their hearts...)
(to target the master daddy.)
(My service to you, savior.)
(He ignores.)
(Shocking truth continues.)
(Saviors are sensitive
than they thought.)
(In the end,)
(the king's furious.)
(The door to the agony shall open.)
(Fight holding the door of agony.)
Start.
(Master in the House along
with the king is coming soon.)